#summary Brief guide to add platforms to sky-boards-collect

= Introduction =

This guide briefly shows how to add platforms into sky-boards-collect. Despite the project name, platforms doesn't need to be sky based.


= Details =

1. *Platform firmware*

To define contiki-collect firmware for a platform, create {{{collect-view-platform.[ch]}}}. See:

 * {{{collect-view.[ch]}}}
 * {{{/svn/trunk/contiki/examples/}}}, for examples

After that, edit {{{SensorInfo.java}}} to reflect the platform message format in {{{CollectView}}} tool.
----

2. *Sensors classes*

A sensor class implements the sensor conversion expressions. See:

 * {{{/svn/trunk/sky-boards-collect/src/se/sics/contiki/collect/sensor}}}

Take existing sensor classes as reference.
----

3. *Platform class*

The platform class extends the Node class, creates its sensors instances, and map the sensor identifiers to the specific collect message position. See:

 * {{{/svn/trunk/sky-boards-collect/src/se/sics/contiki/collect/sensor}}}

Take existing platform classes as reference. If a sensor that didn't previously exist in the application is introduced along with the defined platform, sensor identifier should be create in {{{SensorIdentifier.java}}}. eg:

{{{public static final String PRESSURE_SENSOR = "Pressure";}}}
----

4. *Add instances*

In main class, {{{CollectServer.java}}}, add platform instance in {{{getNode}}} method.

If a sensor that didn't previously exist in the application is introduced along with the defined platform, {{{TimeChartPanel}}} instance should be added into {{{visualizers[]}}} structure (defined in class constructor). Take existing code as reference.